73
Your hand nears it. Part of you still feels unsure about it but
you dismiss it; you have to find out what this strange
lantern is...

You touch it. Instantly the whispering intensifies, as though
it is inside your head. Strange languages and long forgotten
chants; thoughts and feelings from ancient civilisations.

!break

The voices echo around your head, resounding and reflecting
in your mind. The noise grows louder. The voices chant faster
and faster and faster. The light grows stronger and brighter.
Your body and mind are being controlled, shaken, destroyed.
Blindly you stumble around and around, drowning in a fever of
sound and light and pain. You are falling, falling, falling,
into a sea of infinite dazzling light and blinding sound.

Your eyes open.
You are in a white room with curved walls and a gentle sunlight
seeping in through the perfectly woven snow white curtains.
Soft silk blankets surround you and envelop you, and a wool
mattress is cradling you. You pull back the blankets and sit up.
A spike of pain rips up your back as you stand up, so you
quickly sit back onto the bed. The pain eases.

!break

Laying on the floor is a white carpet with red spots dotted
around on it. It is thick and soft, and your feet sink into it.
Next to the bed is a small oak table with a hand made drawer.
On it is a glass oil lamp - un-lit of course; there is plenty
of light streaming in through the glazed windows. Next to it
is a pen and some paper. You decide to take these as they
might be useful later. Although when you go to put them in
your rucksack you realise that you don't have it, so you put
it in your pocket instead.

-+Pen
-+Paper

!break

Your ears start to accustom to the silence and you start to hear
the faint sound of birds outside your window.
You realise you can hear classical music wafting through the walls
into the room.
The murmers of friendly voices chatting also enters you ears.
Kind, loving voices, not like the horrors of the cave...
Suddenly all of the trauma of the voices and the dazzling
lantern floods back into your mind. What happened? How did you
get here?

!break

Your thoughts are (thankfully) interrupted by the door creaking
open. A maid shuffles in. She is elderly and thin, with grey 
wirey hair and hands hardened by a life of working and cleaning.
She mutters something and wipes her hands before noticing you.
"Ah, I was a'wondering when you would wake," she croaked,
"Breakfast is downstairs as usual."
She pauses, then smiles gently, "Yes, it's your favourite. I made
sure to get some eggs from ol' Mr. Greyham's farm jus' for you."
You are stunned, and before you can say anything she turns and 
shuffles out of the room, mumbling to herself.

You pause a while to think. Realising that you have to do something,
you try to get up again. This time you manage it without pain.
She said something about breakfast, and you realise you are starving,
but maybe you should explore the house first.

+Do you GO DOWNSTAIRS or EXPLORE?

2
Pen
Paper
2
GO DOWNSTAIRS
1
Choice ID #1


You start to head downstairs
False

EXPLORE
1
Choice ID #2


You start to explore
False

False
Enemy name
Enemy Attack
Enemy Health
Enemy Accuracy
Enemy drop



























