45
Wearily you stand up, clutching at the bedpost to make sure you
don't fall over in the cloud of lights that dance in your eyes.
As they fade you start towards the door. A faint breeze, is wafting
through the door, carrying in the delicious smell of food! 
The smell draws you towards the door, but as you walk towards it you
almost stand on a small glass bottle. It is only an inch long and
contains a wierd blue liquid. The liquid is almost glowing, although
that could just be the wobbly hand made glass. On the side of it are
strange symbols.

!break

You reach down to grasp at it, however before you can even touch it a
hand clasps at your shoulder, roughly pulling you up. Agony shoots
down your spine and you wince in pain.
"What you doin' crashing 'round like that?" a slurred male voice growls
in your ear. Your head is being pressed down and you collapse onto
the floor. You try to crawl out of the crushing, claw like grasp,
but with no success. Your face is half buried in the carpet, meaning
you can't see much except his grimy feet. But then you hear footsteps
and a young woman enters the room.

Apologetically she tugged the hand away from him and helped you to the floor.
"Mr. Smith that's no way to treat visitors." she scolded.
Looking around you see that the hand was actually a middle aged man,
who appeared to be drunk. His eyes roll as he looks at you and his
tongue hanged slimly out of his mouth. 

!break

"I am so sorry about that." the young woman apologized, ushering 
the Drunk Man out,
"He has a terrible habit of getting absurdly sloshed on the full 
moon after the celebratory dances are done."
You want to ask her what the 'Celebratory Dance' was but she walked
out calling "Breakfast is ready, I guess The Old Bird has already told you,
but if you don't hurry up you'll miss the food!" and with a laugh her
footsteps fade away.

!break

You're about to follow when you remember the glass bottle. Should you take it?
Food was tempting, but that lantern looked hauntingly familiar.

+Do you FOLLOW THE WOMAN or PICK UP THE BOTTLE?
0
2
FOLLOW THE WOMAN
1
17


You follow the young woman and drunk man out of the room.
False

PICK UP THE BOTTLE
0



You pick up the bottle.
False
Bottle
False
Enemy name
Enemy Attack
Enemy Health
Enemy Accuracy
Enemy drop



























